# The-difference-between-being-busy-and-being-productive
Being a productive person isn't what you thing. It starts with passion. Due to that, our emotion does have a significant role. If you capable of chanalize your thought to motions, your possibility of success highly increases. However, first things first ypu should prioritize your project. Everything should follow a line. Therefore you better be ready to sacrifice. Because you can't make an omelette without breaking eggs. Your success story is not about how you managed. It is about sustainability. For instance, an high school student. You may consider him as an college student but in reality he doesn't study or built something that might be efficent. Despite knowing the chances for a better life he rather play one more round. And he consider himself as a busy person. He defined productivity as games. Some of you may define as social media or your jobs. Furthermore some of you may consider as studying. To my understation, everyone wants to see themselves as busy without making any progress. The best example for our thesis would be influences. Only a little part of influencers are productive. The rest is lethargic. It is not about being an influencer it is about despite the people, you still progressing. For me, it can be demanding to write down my thoughts but in conclusion, they help me to improve my writing skills. It is not arduous to write but sometimes it is really exhausting. However with time writing has become an essantial part of my life. As far as I know myself, I'm disciplined under my define. I have my rules and my rules tells me to keep writing. On the other hand, don't just focus and one thing. Keep yourself distracted with beneficial activities. In conclusion they might be helpful to build a career or a family. Or they olsa might help you to get you into your dream colleges. Who knows? Thanks for reading!
